DOCS-10224-aggregator-size-timeout-kt (#1526)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: aggregators/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/aggregators-troubleshooting.adoc

== Understand the Timeout Behavior in the Size-Based Aggregator

> For the *Size based aggregator*, the *Timeout* field indicates the maximum time to wait for the aggregation to complete. If the timeout is reached before the total number of elements is equal to the value set in the *Max size* field, the aggregation is not considered complete. The wait time passed and the aggregation is reset. Take into account that you can use an *Aggregator listener* source to capture the elements that were aggregated before the timeout occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For *Size based aggregator*, the *Timeout* field indicates the maximum time to wait for the aggregation to complete. If the timeout is reached before the total number of elements is equal to the value set in the *Max size* field, the aggregation is not considered complete and the aggregation is reset. Note that you can use an *Aggregator listener* source to capture the elements that were aggregated before the timeout occurred.
```
"take into account" might be hard to translate, because "take" is used idiomatically.

> To get further details on the timeout behavior, see how to xref:aggregators-size-example.adoc[configure the Size-Based Aggregator Timeout and Max Size Fields] documentation.

Reviewer: Just shorter:
```suggestion
For further details on timeout behavior, see how to xref:aggregators-size-example.adoc[configure the Size-Based Aggregator Timeout and Max Size Fields] documentation.
```
